README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">QalcDroid</h1>

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 2%;">
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/JyTJhkd/Screenshot-20241104-204148-calculator.png" width="22%" />
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/dG3TFW5/Screenshot-20241104-204216-calculator.png" width="22%" />
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/mTZ21n6/Screenshot-20241104-204239-calculator.png" width="22%" />
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/4d0GSMg/Screenshot-20241104-204254-calculator.png" width="22%" />
</div>

## About

QalcDroid is an Android GUI for the incredible calculator
[libqalculate](https://github.com/Qalculate/libqalculate).

## Features

Most features from libqalculate are implemented with the **exception** of:
 - Entry completion and hints.
 - Calculate-as-you-type mode.
 - Calculation history.
 - Create/edit functions, variables and units.
 - Plotting.

All non-implemented features **may** be implemented in the future.

## Status

This project is perfectly usable as a daily driver: all functions, units, 
and variables work as expected.

## Acknowledgments
 - [libqalculate](https://github.com/Qalculate/libqalculate) by [hanna-kn](https://github.com/hanna-kn)
 - [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/)
 - [BetterTabContainer](https://github.com/gducrash/BetterTabContainer/tree/4.0) by [gducrash](https://github.com/gducrash)
 - [GodotXML](https://github.com/elenakrittik/GodotXML) by [elenakrittik](https://github.com/elenakrittik)
 - [Cosmic Icons](http://github.com/pop-os/cosmic-icons) by [System76](http://system76.com/)
 - [Catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin)

Commit message:

add issue section to readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">QalcDroid</h1>

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 2%;">
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/JyTJhkd/Screenshot-20241104-204148-calculator.png" width="22%" />
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/dG3TFW5/Screenshot-20241104-204216-calculator.png" width="22%" />
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/mTZ21n6/Screenshot-20241104-204239-calculator.png" width="22%" />
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/4d0GSMg/Screenshot-20241104-204254-calculator.png" width="22%" />
</div>

## About

QalcDroid is an Android GUI for the incredible calculator
[libqalculate](https://github.com/Qalculate/libqalculate).

## Features

Most features from libqalculate are implemented with the **exception** of:
 - Entry completion and hints.
 - Calculate-as-you-type mode.
 - Calculation history.
 - Create/edit functions, variables and units.
 - Plotting.

All non-implemented features **may** be implemented in the future.

## Status

This project is perfectly usable as a daily driver: all functions, units, 
and variables work as expected.

## Issues or Questions

If you are experiencing an issue or have a feature request, please open up an [issue in Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/mike7d7/calculator2). When submitting a bug please try to be as specific as possible, and try to find a way to reproduce the issue.

## Acknowledgments
 - [libqalculate](https://github.com/Qalculate/libqalculate) by [hanna-kn](https://github.com/hanna-kn)
 - [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/)
 - [BetterTabContainer](https://github.com/gducrash/BetterTabContainer/tree/4.0) by [gducrash](https://github.com/gducrash)
 - [GodotXML](https://github.com/elenakrittik/GodotXML) by [elenakrittik](https://github.com/elenakrittik)
 - [Cosmic Icons](http://github.com/pop-os/cosmic-icons) by [System76](http://system76.com/)
 - [Catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin)
